So my salary obviously it changes every time I get promoted. It also changes
every two years, so the longer that you're in the military you
get a little bit more money. So right now I'm a chief and it depends
on which, which city you live in, which is gonna dictate your BAH
your basic allowance for housing, but everybody makes the same basic
pay. So my basic pay right now is $4,500 per month, if I were to be
active active duty service, and I also get another couple thousand
dollars are for my BAH which is the money that they give you for housing.
So all in all it's about $75,000 per year with 16 years in. A
person who just barely comes in, he's not going to get, he or she is
not going to get that BAH. They will probably just be living on a
ship or something like that, and as far as the basic pay, it's probably
just a couple thousand dollars maybe $3,000 when you talk about
outside of boot camp. So it's about $35,000 to start. So one year in
the military you're at $35,000, 16 years you're at $75,000, and that's
from an E1 to a chief, it ramps accordingly.